# Introduction

The Internet is a decentralized system for sharing information of all types, but unfortunately most social information (namely, identity information intended for social consumption and related content published by individuals) is concentrated within the centralized servers of very few corporations, making it undesirably difficult for individuals to reliably and efficiently access, transfer and preserve much of the information they post online. Additionally, the centralization of this personal information restricts the myriad ways in which people could otherwise use it to publish and communicate, leaving the development of new functionality that leverages this information to these few corporations and their particular profit motives.

Nashville is a system intended to help individuals achieve more control and functionality with the information they've historically handed over to these corporations while *not* requiring these same individuals to divorce themselves from the centralized status quo, since that would impose an unreasonably costly requirement. It does so by leveraging the emergence of cloud synchronization solutions such as Dropbox and iCloud to copy the information that individuals post to centralized social networks over to their own cloud storage accounts and devices and simultaneously provide a platform for applications to use these individually owned copies as their data sources.

This has the immediate benefit of ensuring close ownership of social information by individuals rather than just centralized hosts, enabling local file access to this information and safeguarding against future changes to those hosts that may jeopardize access even further. The concomitant decentralized hosting of this same information via the APIs of the individuals' cloud storage solutions also enables any number of services to be built that improve the ways in which these individuals share their information and communicate online, such as to publish social information on their own domains and independently maintain their own online profiles. These independent hosts can be used to power isolated websites and similar publishing points, or they can be used by applications that use various individuals' data to produce rich social experiences.

# Three Components

Nashville can be broken down into three main components: **Sync**, **Platform** and **Apps**. These should be designed to operate and be hosted independently of one another, but they can also be consolidated into a single service that plays all three roles.

The "Sync" component is responsible for synchronizing a person's data from various social networks and user-generated-content services (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Foursquare or Twitter) over to their cloud storage account (e.g. Dropbox or iCloud) on an initial and then ongoing basis. It must have authorization to read content from the person's various online presences as well as write to his or her storage account. It must also have the intelligence to understand the various formats used by service APIs to host user data and then combine similar or identical data types from these various services into locally consistent formats within their cloud storage accounts (using well-documented file and folder structures).

Because people oftentimes post the same content across several services online, the Sync service must also know how to detect when it has already synced a given piece of content from a different service, deciding then to combine data about the content from the several services rather than creating a new copy as if it were a different piece of content. For example, if a person were to post a photo originally to Instagram but syndicate it to Facebook, that photo should be stored as a single copy within the person's cloud storage with meta data from both Instagram and Facebook saved alongside it.

The meta data included alongside synchronized content can include any number of types, such as timestamp data for when the content was originally published, source data for where it was originally published, and syndication data for where it was cross-published. It can also include related social data, such as any likes or comments that other people have left in response to the content. Since including social feedback within content metadata involves the identities of other people, it may be useful to store data about the person's social connections separately, but relatedly, within their cloud storage as well.

The user experience around setting up Sync for a given person primarily involves obtaining authorization to their online services and cloud storage account. This would permit workers to begin importing and processing data from these services in the background. However, to ensure the person has full visibility into, and control over, the synchronization process, a dashboard should be provided (probably via the web, at least to start) that informs the person in real-time just which accounts with importable data are set up, the progress of their synchronization, and a breakdown of just what kinds of content has been scheduled for synchronization or already synchronized. It should also provide options to tweak just what kinds of content should be synchronized from each source as well as to kickstart or restart synchronization outside of the background workers' default schedules. It could additionally provide a preview of the synchronized content, particularly in a stream of updates as they get imported initially.
 