README.md, before:

# Asheville

Asheville is a system for owning one's online identity, content and
associations.

## What is Asheville?



## Intention



## Organization

Asheville operates like an open source software project. There is an
attempt to have no central authority or managing body, but rather
contributors working collaboratively alongside the community.

Anyone can participate in everything from the product planning meetings
to code reviews and feature discussions.

In order to facilate this collaboration, Asheville uses GitHub both to
share code as well as ideas and discussion. Sometimes, human interaction
is needed – in that case public Google Hangouts are held that anyone can
attend and participate in.

### Meetings

Meetings will be held either via Skype or through a Google Hangout.

Notes will be kept in GitHub issues under the [meeting](https://github.c
om/asheville/spec/issues?labels=meeting&page=1) tag.

When a meeting is planned for the future, there will be an issue created
under the [meeting](https://github.com/asheville/spec/issues?labels=meet
ing&page=1) tag, and prior to the meeting the link to join will be
posted. It's worth commenting in the issue ahead of time if you have
something in particular you want to talk about.

### Cost

Initially, core contributors will share cost if they desire on an equal
basis. This includes initial marketing costs (i.e domain registration)
as well as server costs.

### Account Security

Accounts on systems like infrastructure providers will need to be kept
private, of course. In this case, credentials and emails are shared
among core contributors to prevent siloing access, while still upholding
security.

### Liability

TODO. There are liability concerns with running servers and accepting
minimal user data (such as Dropbox tokens, in this case). Some entity
will need to be liable for this.

Commit message:

misc changes and a stub for the brief description

README.md, after:

# Asheville

Asheville is a system for owning one's online identity, content and
associations.

## What is Asheville?

See [our overview](overview.md) for a lengthy description of this project's intent. A brief description of the project will be provided here soon.

## Organization

Asheville operates like an open source software project. There is an
attempt to have no central authority or managing body but rather
contributors working collaboratively alongside the community. The open source license we intend to use is currently TBD.

Anyone can participate in everything from the product planning meetings
to code reviews and feature discussions.

In order to facilitate this collaboration, Asheville uses GitHub both to
share code as well as ideas and discussion. Sometimes, human interaction
is needed – in that case public Google Hangouts are held that anyone can
attend and participate in.

### Meetings

Meetings will be held either via Skype or through a Google Hangout.

Notes will be kept in GitHub issues under the [meeting](https://github.c
om/asheville/spec/issues?labels=meeting&page=1) tag.

When a meeting is planned for the future, there will be an issue created
under the [meeting](https://github.com/asheville/spec/issues?labels=meet
ing&page=1) tag, and prior to the meeting the link to join will be
posted. It's worth commenting in the issue ahead of time if you have
something in particular you want to talk about.

### Cost

Initially, core contributors will share cost if they desire on an equal
basis. This includes initial marketing costs (i.e domain registration)
as well as server costs.

### Account Security

Accounts on systems like infrastructure providers will need to be kept
private, of course. In this case, credentials and emails are shared
among core contributors to prevent siloing access, while still upholding
security.

### Liability

TODO. There are liability concerns with running servers and accepting
minimal user data (such as Dropbox tokens, in this case). Some entity
will need to be liable for this.
